Update obsoletion policy (#35169)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/includes/obsoletion-policy.md

---
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 04/26/2023
---

> .NET rarely removes an API due to the large impact it has of breaking compatibility. Removal is done only when there's an unavoidable and justifiable reason. .NET strives to provide mitigations to such impactful breaking changes in advance, for example, by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET takes compatibility with existing code very seriously. API that has been released is only removed rarely, and only when there is no other reasonable alternative. Where such breaking changes cannot be avoided, mitigations will be offered in advance, for example, by:
```

Reviewer: I felt the wording was a bit clunky, had a shot at something different?

- Marking the API as obsolete or providing build diagnostics.
- Blogging about it.

> - Posting in [dotnet/announcements](https://github.com/dotnet/announcements).

Reviewer 2: Instead of dotnet/announcements, it might be better to point to our compatibility breaking changes page https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/breaking-changes because that  has breaking changes across all repos including ASPNET Core/EF Core/Winforms/WPF etc. I am not sure who updates dotnet/announcements and when.

> In most cases, an API that shipped in a long-term support (LTS) release must be obsoleted in the subsequent LTS release before it can be removed. In rare cases based on business needs, exceptions are made to obsolete an API before the subsequent LTS release. All obsoletions are documented and communicated to customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, an API that shipped in a long-term support (LTS) release will be obsoleted in the subsequent LTS release before it can be removed. In rare cases, based on business needs, exceptions are made to obsolete an API before the subsequent LTS release. All obsoletions are documented and communicated to customers.
```
